Dallen Shurtleff

Mr. Francis

English 10, period 7

16 April 2024

<u>Bug Fix</u>

Breathing hard, my eyes adjust to the dimly lit hall. My friend and I
are surrounded by countless blinking lights.

“Now where are we?”I say. I’m as confused as she is. “Is this place
safe?”

She shrugs. “I don’t feel safe.”

I smell the air. Metallic, ozone, hints of burning acid. “These kinda
look like server racks. Maybe we're in a massive supercomputer.”

We quietly wander past more machines. They are reminiscent of an old
mainframe, or a television control room. Softly humming, musically
beeping and buzzing about their work. Everything is lit by a dim blue
light emitting from tubes on the ceiling. Where are we? I’m confused.
Despite this, we aren't hurt. I’m with my friend. It isn’t that bad.

We step through a door into a room lined with quietly humming computers.
Packed between two beeping cases is a desk with a keyboard and monitor.
I move aside an office chair to take a closer look. It displays a lock
screen and password prompt. Dead end. No clues, nothing to figure out.

Arina shrugs. “That’s odd. Normally they don’t put terminals *inside*
the supercomputer.”

“Yeah. I think they don’t have people inside the computer unless it’s
for maintenance or something.”

“We’ve broken that rule already. I wonder what kind of security this
place has.”

“I haven't seen any cameras,”I say. “Even if we get caught, who’s gonna
believe our story?”

She laughs. “Deverell, I think we have worse problems if we’re
caught,”she says. “How did these …foxes …get into *my* supercomputer?!
Out! Out!”

We wander down another hallway. Our footsteps are quiet on the concrete
floor. According to my watch, it’s been about two hours. It all blends
together, nothing different about most of the machines. Many of them
appear identical. Hundreds of LEDs blink in unison.

Arina says, “It seems like not much happens around here. It’s almost
calming.”

“Maybe. It’s almost too calming. Every time we cross a passage or find
one of those rooms, I have this distinct feeling that we were not
supposed to be here. How big is this place?”

“What if …this place wasn’t made for people?”

“When is someone going to notice us?” I’m confused. “Doesn’t this place
have any security?”

As we approach an intersection with another hallway, I hear a quiet
whirring noise. A short, three-wheeled cart, moving autonomously,
appears and freezes. A piece detaches and turns toward us. It turns
around and heads back the way it came.

“What? Why didn’t it stay?”Arina says.

“Do you think it saw us?”

She watches it leave. “Should we follow it?”

I gesture at the robot. “I think we should follow it. Maybe there are
others? Maybe they’ll show us out.”

We follow it at a distance. It doesn’t turn around. Oddly, it won’t go
faster than walking speed. It seems like it knows where it’s going
though. It turns right at an intersection and disappears. Right as I
step up to the corner, Arina grabs my arm.

“Don’t you hear it? That rolling sound?”

I pause. Indeed, I can hear, and feel a low rumble.

“I don’t think we're supposed to be here.” Her voice is quiet.

“But how do we leave?”

A large metal box rolls around the corner at a walking pace. Its body is
covered in panels. One of the panels is open, with a quiet, deadly saw
held in our direction. Several more come out behind it, advancing on us
at the same slow pace.

I step back. “I guess we’ve been discovered.”

“Great. Let’s get out of here!”

I follow her down the opposite passage. We rush through countless dim
corridors. All the same, all exactly alike, except now something’s
different. The front panel of a machine is torn apart, with sharp metal
edges, and exposed circuitry. None of the lights on the machine are lit.
Near it, there is a similar broken machine. Further along, none of the
machines are powered.

I glance at Arina. “What happened?”

“I doubt it was those robots.” She examines the scars. “Was there
something else here?”

“If there was, I don’t want to meet it.”

It’s getting dark. The floor feels somewhat uneven. We carefully
navigate down the corridor, stepping around large chunks on the ground.
After a while, I see something ahead.

“Hey! I think I see some light.”

A cool breeze ruffles my fur as we near the opening. I come into a broad
tube. We’re standing on a bluish metal grate that extends around the
edge of the tube in an arc. The cool wind blows past us and down into
the chasm. Above us are more catwalks, smooth walls, holes, and the
walls of the tube receding into darkness. Below me, I can —Oof. vertigo
hits me. I stumble away from the edge.

She whispers. “Are you okay?” It echoes from across the chute.

I’m clutching the wall. “Yeah. I’m fine.”

She peers over the edge. “This cylinder extends farther down. There’s
some kind of orange glow down there too.”

I do my best not to look down. We are traversing the catwalk toward the
opposite side where the exit is. I’m glad there’s a railing, otherwise I
would have just turned back around. I try to look straight ahead. The
endless abyss under my feet makes my stomach churn.

Just as we get there, I hear the harsh sound of tearing metal. Turning
around, I see one of those smaller robots drive away on the other side
of the catwalk.

It looks like a section of the catwalk was cut off and pulled to the
other side.

“Great! Now there’s no way back!”

“Why do you want to go back?”

“I’m more worried about what's ahead.”

We’re both looking for a way out now. Every door is locked. The next
intersection is blockaded. We’re being forced down a straight, narrow
corridor ending with a door. We don’t have another choice.

I open it. Burning air blows past me. It stings my nose and mouth.
Inside there is a single catwalk that crosses over a trough of molten
orange metal. That pungent, metallic odor gets even closer.

Arina scowls. "Let's turn around. This is way too risky."

I agree. "Yeah. I'm not going in there." I turn around, and a big bulky
robot rolls into the doorway, blocking it. So we walk into the room. I
inch down the railingless platform. Just a catwalk separates us from a
burning death.

Halfway across the bridge. She’s right in front of me. We’re close to
the end, but that doesn’t mean we’re safe. Where are we being sent?
Suddenly, the bridge shakes. I hear warping, ripping metal right behind
me.

"Arina! The bridge is breaking!"

Metal is twisting under my feet. Ahead of me, she leaps and barely
reaches the edge. She catches on and climbs to the top.

The bridge drops out from beneath me. She reaches out and grabs my hand.
I swing forward, hitting the wall under her feet. The impact yanks us
apart and I fall, barely missing the chute. Falling into the depths of
the Machine. Why is it trying to kill us?
