4/1/2024:

1.  Somehow Deverell & Arina get separated, because Deverell does
    something / goes somewhere Arina knows is unsafe. Arina tries and is
    unable to convince Deverell to come with her, and she departs. Of
    course, Arina feels annoyed, concerned for her friend, worried.
    Deverell is distracted.

2.  Deverell is tempted by something. He follows it through the
    passages, which begin sloping downhill. After sometime, he reaches
    it, something happens, and he falls through the floor.

3.  He wakes up in the dark with an aching head. Something is very
    wrong. What if he is tripping on junk on the floor? Something could
    be knocking at the walls, or footsteps, or trying to open the doors.
    In fact this is probably just an illusion or hallucination, as a
    result of high emotions and fear. He is mad at himself, depressed.

4.  After some stumbling, he goes through a door and finds a bright
    computer screen in a closet.

5.  This is when he meets Juna.

6.  His discussion with Juna

4/3/2024:

When you realize that you've been going about your own business and
haven't seen another person, or living thing for 8 hours.

4/4/2024:

Nice that the office is so safe. Imagine setting up camp in an empty
office room. The sound of the ongoing storm outside is muted. The room
has just two doors, and both are closed. We have one sleeping bag, but
that’s enough. I lay out my backpack on the ground next to me. All the
lights are off. We are worn out, it's nice and quiet and dark. The room,
in fact the entire level is pretty safe and the door is closed. Now is
the perfect time to sleep.

Do mice live in the office?

**Limspaces I could use:**

-   The Office - Because they are safe. And there are people.

-   The control rooms - Satisfying, pretty safe.

-   Poolrooms - What do I know about these? I like them.

-   The office from the Stanley Parable

-   What could I make from the liminal pictures in my gallery?

A path to the office:

1.  The Halls

2.  The Basement

3.  The Sub-basement

4.  The Electrical Station

5.  The Office

4/8/2024:

Plot ideas:

-   Starts with Deverell and Arina waking up (not for the first time) in
    a room.

-   Descriptions of daily travels, finding food, anomalous
    circumstances.

-   The Level is responding to us in secretive ways. It reforms and
    changes just out of view. In these regards, the physical direction
    that we are heading doesn’t matter nearly as much as the emotions
    and thoughts and choices they are making. Deverell and Arina need to
    want to get somewhere, and be making the right decisions to get
    there. In some cases the Level will help us, and in others it will
    hinder us.

-   Do the different levels have a personality? Can the entire level be
    a character, and/or a symbol?

    -   **The Office** - Serenity, like in a storm. Safety from the
        elements.

    -   **The Halls** - ‘Hell’

    -   **Sublimity** - ‘Heaven’Truth

<!-- -->

-   We find a hallway with showers. That’s nice!

-   I am tempted and abandon Arina.

Symbolism:

**Locked Door** - Missing Knowledge, Misunderstanding, Hidden

**Hole** - Sin, Hardship

**Podium** - Event

**Stage** - Publicity

**Low Ceiling** - Trapped, loss of options

**Key to a Locked Door** - Knowledge to continue

**Rising Stairs** - Things are looking up

**Vast Room, Pillars** - Loneliness, Isolation

**Darkness** -

**Alcove** - Forgotten, Details

**Multiple Doors** - A Choice

**Elevator** -

4/9/2024:

Why do we learn? What is the point of school? Can you learn more than
what is taught in a class? Is the raw facts and information you hear in
a class really the big thing you're supposed to get out of it? Can a
motivated learner go beyond what he’s taught?

So many things I do or might do I question because it changes what other
people think about me. For some reason I care about other people’s
opinions. There are things I do, things that are good, that some people
would ridicule me for if they knew about them. I am not perfect, but
other people don’t need to act better than me. I guess that I’m
sensitive about my flaws. Would my friends still be friends if they knew
my secret positive thoughts? What about my secret negative thoughts? I’m
writing this, but I’m planning on making this document public. Should I
continue?

4/15/2024:

I’m working on forming a plot. The current plan follows Arina & Deverell
through three levels: The Office, Padlock Passages, and Spaced-Out
Ranges. I think we are on a journey, or trying to get somewhere. I will
start out with descriptions in the first part. Things like morning, when
we wake up in a sleeping bag. Our routine. Then our travels.
Descriptions of the rooms. Our conversations. An allusion to the base we
left 1-2 days ago.

One thing I dislike about this plan is that we are starting in the
office. Why are we in the office? More importantly, why do we leave? Why
are we going to Spaced out ranges? Now, I was thinking that the
transition from the office to padlock passages is on purpose, but going
from padlock to spaced-out ranges is an accident.

4/16/2024:

-   Level based on emotions.

-   I’m looking for or making a level like padlock passages. I don’t
    really like padlock passways

-   Should I continue this idea? I don’t see why not.

-   Now I’m trying to use the control rooms as the starting place. I’ve
    got to introduce some danger into it, but I won't make it horror
    oriented.

4/17/2024:

The noise has receded. We are running through the darkness, maybe the
bots don’t want to follow us here? I grab Arina's arm. We should slow
down. Then up ahead I see a dim light. As we near the end of the hall, I
see a distinct opening with a dim red light behind it. We step out onto
a metal grate, into an immense6 space. A warm wind blows up past us. We
are on a circular cat walk that goes around the inside of a 60ft wide
cylinder. Above are other catwalks, more of the long tube stretching
upward and fading to black. Below,

4/18/2024:

The noise has receded. We are running through the darkness, maybe the
bots don’t want to follow us into the darkness? I grab Arina's arm. We
should slow down. Up ahead I see a dim light. As we near the end of the
hall, I see a distinct opening with a dim red light behind it. We step
out onto a bluish metal grate, into an immense space. A warm wind blows
up past us. We are on a circular catwalk that goes around the inside of
a 60 foot wide cylinder. Above are other catwalks, more of the long tube
stretching upward and fading to black. Below, an orange glow emanates
from a source out of site.

-   Cool or warm wind?

4/24/2024:

Remove redundant words.

<u>Once I saw a picture of a pear. It was a painting, in fact. While I
was admiring it, it faded out. It was replaced with a similar painting
of an apple. I was in a tower, an unfinished tower on the side of a
mountain. The tower had a spiral staircase that would reach nearly every
floor. That was fine, but the stairs were made of wood. If anyone was on
them, you could hear stomping. Someone was going on the stairs.</u>

<u>Anywhere in the tower. Stomping.</u>

It got louder and louder. All at once, I thought it would deafen me. I
forgot what I just thought.

My head hurts.

My arm is resting on a cornered surface. I'm laying on my front. The
stomping is gone now. I roll over onto my back. I still can't see
anything. What just happened? All around me is darkness. Silence. An
absence of any sensory except touch. And smell. I can smell blood. I'm
bleeding? I sit up. Carefully crawl around. I find a wall, follow it,
and bump into a table. I try to maneuver around the stable, but knock
some stuff off of it making an awful noise. Then a bright light appears.
It is a square of dark screen. And a cursor.

-   Fix up dialog. Who said what?

-   It’s a cliffhanger now.

5/2/2024:

<u>Title Ideas</u>

-   They’re lost again

-   Killing Chambers

-   It doesn’t like us

-   This place tried to kill me

-   The Labyrinth of Blinking Lights

-   Nictans Cubicula

-   Chambers of blinkenlights

-   More thought than you can think about

My character and a friend have accidentally come across an undocumented
level that is trying to get rid of them.

5/4/2024:

**IDEA: **Use a metaphor as the title!

-   Secrecy is Killing All the Witnesses

-   To Stay Secret

-   Secrecy is complete control

-   Safety is complete control

-   Introverts hate biological life

-   Safety is controlling everything

-   Being Here

-   We

-   I am a vulnerability

-   To it, we are a problem

-   The Machine’s Problem

    -   Risk

    -   Sore

5/8/2024:

Story Idea: A fox pair living in the woods being watched by one or more
naturalists. This makes them uncomfortable, so they decide to pay back.
They play a series of tricks back on the naturalist. I could take quotes
out of books that they specifically disprove. Example:

1.  A thirteen year old boy sits on a couch with three older teens.

Four teens sit on a couch. One is young.

Three teens and a thirteen year old sit on a couch.

Three teens sitting on a couch with on much younger.

1.  Of course, I was here to find my personal peace in a time when chaos
    ruled my life.

I’m here to find peace in a chaotic world.

Just me, finding peace in chaos.

I’m finding peace in chaos.

1.  I got the information I needed.

2.  Frigid wind bit my skin.

Frigid wind tugs at me.
